Instructions (#19)
Wolox/mobile-project-metrics: README.md

# Mobile project metrics

## Description

> Script for Wolox mobile projects that gets the metrics mentiones below and stored them in the Wolox metrics database.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script for Wolox mobile projects that gets the metrics mentioned below and stores them in the Wolox metrics database.  
```

cloneMetricsRepo
sh ${metrics_folder}/metrics.sh
```

* Follow this [instructions](https://github.com/Wolox/mobile-project-metrics/blob/master/instructions/google_cloud.md) to set up `Google Cloud` metrics
* Follow this [instructions](https://github.com/Wolox/mobile-project-metrics/blob/master/instructions/code_climate.md) to set up `Code Climate` metric
* Follow this [instructions](https://github.com/Wolox/mobile-project-metrics/blob/master/instructions/github.md) to set up `Github` metrics
* Declare this environment variables on Bitrise:  
```  
  PROJECT_TYPE = [react_native|android|ios]
  PROJECT_NAME = project name registered on the metrics database
```

> * Create three new push triggers that runs this workflow on the branch that you want. We recommend runs this scripts on `stage` and `master` branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create three new push triggers that run this workflow on the branch that you want. We recommend running this scripts on `stage` and `master` branches.
```
